it was this comment from Brazilian
president Lou inas Lula da Silva known
by many simply as Lula that started
things
off what is happening in the Gaza Strip
with the Palestinian people has no parel
in other historical
moments in fact it did exist when Hitler
decided to kill the
Jews comparing Israel's Mass killing of
Palestinians in Gaza to the Holocaust
Dre an immediate reaction from Israel's
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
president Silva has disgraced the memory
of six million Jews murdered by the
Nazis and he's demonized the Jewish
State like the most virent anti-semite
he should be ashamed of
himself and on Monday Israel's foreign
minister summoned Brazil's ambassador to
the country's Holocaust Memorial for a
public pointed dressing down culminating
in
this and we as I asked to convey to
president Lula will not forget nor
forgive and I declare him in my name and
the name of the citizens of Israel as
persona non grata in Israel as long as
he does not apologize and take it back
but president Lula is not backing down
he recalled Brazil's ambassador to
Israel for consultations and summoned
the Israeli ambassador to Brazil for an
explanation as this diplomatic dispute
continues John Holan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer